docs: update documentation related to dependabot (#740)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/how-to/repository-protection.rst

Internal and private repositories are only available to organization users and repository members,
respectively. Thus, no specific rules for outside collaborators are needed.

Dependabot
----------

Dependabot is a built-in tool for keeping project dependencies updated. It informs
you of the latest releases of the packages being used and can alert you of any
vulnerabilities in those packages.

Dependabot alerts
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Dependabot alerts notify you when your repository uses a dependency with a known
security vulnerability. When a vulnerability is detected, GitHub creates an alert
in the **Security** tab of the repository and, optionally, sends a notification

> to the repository owners.

Reviewer: Is it repository owner or admin or maintainer?

Reviewer 2: Owner and admins that have committed to it (if you are an org admin but haven't committed to the repo, I think you are not informed AFAIK)

To enable Dependabot alerts for your repository:

#. Go to **Settings > Advanced Security > Dependabot**.
#. To the right of **Dependabot alerts**, click **Enable**.

Once alerts are enabled, you can view them under **Security and quality > 
Dependabot > vulnerabilities**. Each alert includes:

* A description of the vulnerability (CVE identifier when available).
* The affected dependency and version range.

> * A suggested fix or upgrade path.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* A suggested fix or recommended upgrade path.
```

From the alert page, you can manually trigger a Dependabot pull request to resolve
the vulnerability by clicking **Create Dependabot security update**. This automatically

> opens a PR that upgrades the affected dependency to a safe version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
opens a PR to upgrade the affected dependency to a secure version.
```

.. note::

    If your repository has already enabled **Dependabot security updates**, the manual
    trigger for security updates may not be available, as security updates are

>     automatically generated by Dependabot when vulnerabilities are detected.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    trigger for security updates may not be available, as Dependabot automatically 
    generates pull requests when vulnerabilities are detected.
```
